tomorrow that's one of the things when
you're making things like a salad or you
just eat tomatoes raw then the worst
thing about them is always the skin now
man if you want to be a bit pond see if
you're trying to impress the review if
you cooking a meal for somebody special
and you get that little bit kind of
tomato skin that six in between 80 so
how do we get rid of that skin but it's
very simple two things you need to do
first thing look a little cross on the
bottom like you do your sprouts in order
to take out this little bit here so get
your knife in and just run the knife
around this little bit here pop that out
and then we pop it into boiling water
okay and what happens is that the heat
of the water will expand what happened
with the tomatoes show it will then out
it will then peel the skin box it comes
out of the hot water into cold water
ideally what you want to do is put it
into ice water what you don't want to do
is cook the tomorrow so all you want to
do is getting your feet as it so it
starts to peel the skin back if it cooks
or two hours you're going to stop get
that cooked flavor which isn't what this
is about this is about having a nice
fresh tomato that has absolutely no
screening at all so she goes in into the
cold water and look as if by magic
why
feel free to clap